yo people my name's Sean from the net
ninja and I want to welcome you to your
very first HTML basics lesson ah well I
say lesson really is just an
introduction in this video I want to
give you a brief overview of everything
that we're gonna be covering in this
course but before we do that it's time
to talk about prerequisites this is
everything you need to know already
before you start this course and there
it is absolutely nothing you think - no
nothing at all to start this course
saying that it would be useful if you
can turn a computer on navigate to a
website and download some software but
apart from that you need to know nothing
about Web Design HTML or programming in
general this is a beginners course so
we're going to start from the very
beginning so what will we be covering
well we'll start with taking a look at
what hTML is and by this I don't mean
reading about the history of HTML I mean
looking at where it is now and how we
use it with other web technologies to
create websites then we'll look at the
structure of a HTML document and
download some software to create
documents ourselves I'll show you how to
create a web page from scratch from the
very beginning and then throw in various
elements that you might see on webpages
like text links lists images and various
other tags next we'll take a look at CSS
and CSS is more to do with the visual
aspect of webpages so we'll have a quick
look at that throw some CSS into our
documents and see how it all links
together and then finally we'll take a
brief look at JavaScript as well
now JavaScript is the interactivity of a
web page and we're not going to dive too
deeply into that but I want to show you
how it can be utilized with HTML so
that's about it to this introduction I
hope you're going to join me on this
course you're going to go from a HTML 0
well on your way to being a HTML ninja
and I'll see you guys in the next lesson
if you have any comments questions let
me know below otherwise subscribe to
these videos and I'll see you guys in
the next video
you